fix: use a less-used port for the alby hub service so it doesn't conflict with other running apps (#690)
getAlby/hub: scripts/linux-x86_64/README.md

You can also do these quite simple steps manually, have a look in the install script for details.

> Alby Hub will run on localhost:8080 (standalone) or localhost:8029 (as a service) configurable using the `PORT` environment variable or by editing `Environment="PORT=8029"` in the albyhub.service file - See "Editing The Service" below)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alby Hub will run on localhost:8080 (standalone) or localhost:8029 (when run with a systemd service) configurable using the `PORT` environment variable or by editing `Environment="PORT=8029"` in the albyhub.service systemd config file - See "Editing The Service" below)
```
